BoatBot is a statistics bot for osu! (game). We display and reformat data provided from the osu! API- specifically, player statistics and data, as well as beatmap statistics and data. Some common uses of our bot would be to see recent songs played on osu!, current matches being played, and player information like levels, scores and points, and ranks. If you would like to see screenshots and examples of commands, please visit our documentation site at https://docs.iaace.gg/ .

We collect and store: user IDs, user preferences, verified and unverified connections to osu! accounts, message IDs and contents *for commands used only, channel and server IDs, server preferences, and role/user permissions on discord.

We store data for the following reasons:
For user/server preferences: user IDs, user preferences, server IDs and server preferences, verified and unverified connections to osu!
For performance, quality, and abuse auditing: message IDs and contents *for commands used only, channel and server IDs, and role/user permissions on discord

Data stored for user and server preferences: indefinite
Data stored for performance, quality, and abuse auditing: 365 days, deleted afterward

They should come to our server and begin their privacy/personal information related requests in our public help channel. We would then talk to them privately about their specific request. We have already processed a few privacy related requests through this method.

Our bot has 3 components hosted in 2 different places:
1. Documentation infrastructure for https://docs.iaace.gg/ : Serverless, hosted on github pages
2. Internal API for managing preferences and Shards for responding directly to discord messages: 1 Hardware Server with Physical and Remote Access, Ubuntu 18 LTS

1. Documentation infrastructure for https://docs.iaace.gg/ : 2 Factor Authentication, Time-Token based
2. Internal API for managing preferences and Shards for responding directly to discord messages: SSH Key, Password Authentication Disabled except for local access, Firewall policy in effect

They should come to our server and begin their security related requests in our public help channel. We would then talk to them privately about their specific request.

No. All data accessed by our application uses publicly available data on all services (excluding discord).